4.52 FORCE FIELD™

As the level of difficulty increases, the action of the game speeds up,
some of the sounds change and the ‘stun’ time (see below) changes.
Te Play:
Maxx's 'shield” is indicated by a low-pitched siren. When his “shield”
is down, Maxx can fire his ‘laser,’ which emits a warbling sound. His
headlamp goes on to indicate he is firing his “laser.”
Your “shield” is activated by pressing and holding the <0> key on the
controller. Your “laser” is activated by pressing and holding the <3>
key on the controller. The “laser” will emit a single, downward tone
when used. The “shield” will make no sound. The “'laser’’ can’t fire
when the “shield” is up.

When Maxx’s Shield Is Down:
]. Lower your “shield” by releasing the <0> key.
?. Fire your ‘laser.’ The “laser” will automatically fire for as long as
the button is held down: however, it can be refired more quickly if the
<3> key is repeatedly pressed.
3. Activate your “shield” as soon as you stop firing your “laser” by
pressing the <0> key.

® Scoring:
1. One point is awarded each time you hit Maxx with laser’ fire while
his ‘'shield™ is down.
2. Maxx cannot fire when his “shield” is up. You can shoot at Maxx’s
‘shield’, but he can't fire back. Also, there is a 1-in-4 chance that the
shot will ricochet back off his shield and hit you. If this happens, a point
is subtracted from your score. :
3. You can alse lase a point if you shoot while your own shield is up,
regardless of what Maxx is doing,
4. If your “shield” is up when Maxx fires, the shot is harmlessly
deflected. But if your shield is down, Maxx can score a hit. This will
momentarily “stun” you so that you won't be able to fire the “laser” for
a short while.
5. Maxx's score is shown on the right half of his display. Your score 1s
shown on the left half of his display.

NOTE: The game progresses in !evels, each one lasting approximately
20 seconds. Between levels, an intermission tune (consisting of random
notes) is played, and the current level is displayed.

To Win:
The first to score 25 points (you or Maxx} wins the game.

4.6 OTHER OPERATING
MODES

In addition to the five major modes, Maxx has several minor modes.
They include:

1. Program Song Mode. In this mode, notes are programmed from the
controller. You can recall the song or have it played automatically
during a program.

2. Learn Song Mode. In this mode, Maxx learns the song as you play it
on the controller.

3. Program Speech Mode. In this mode, sixteen sentences of up to
fifteen words each can be programmed,

4.61 PROGRAM
SONG MODE

Creating a program in the Sang Mode is more complicated than just
playing notes in the Immediate Mode. For each note, you must first
enter the note pitch (the top twelve number keys on the controller) and
the duration of the note as shown in the chart below. Once the song
has been stored in Maxx's music memory, it can be executed during a
program.
