4.61-4.61A

@” = *ogram Songs:
Zress the <PROGRAM> key. Maxx will play the program tune and
: display will show ‘Prag’,
Before the program tune ends, press the <SONG> key. Maxx’s
splay will show “Song’ and then program step “O00”. PROGRAM STEP
Press the key corresponding to the pitch of the note.
Press the key corresponding to the duration of the note (see chart
nelow).
=. Maxx’'s display will indicate the note number, pitch and duration as
this information is entered,
& Press the <ENTER> key to complete and store the program step. The
nate of the chosen pitch and duration will play when the <ENTER> key
5 pressed.
7, Maxx's display will now show program step "01", indicating that
he is ready for the next note to be entered.

je (art) Vert

Enter the entire song by repeating this procedure. The notes that have
been entered can be played ot any time by pressing the <EXECUTE>
key. This lets you check what you have entered so far. (See 4.14B Using
the Controller as a Musical Instrument).

Also, this song can be inserted anywhere into a program (see 4,61
Playing a Programmed Song below).

IMPORTANT: Moxx's music memory can hold up to 127 notes. This
corresponds toa maximum playing time of approximately 2 minutes if NOTE (PITCH)
only whole notes are used. The playing time will be shorter if notes of
shorter duration ore used.

When Maxx's music memory is full, his display will read “FULL, he will
say ‘Sorry, my circuits are full” and he will return to the Immediate
Mode. Therefore, if your song is longer than 2 mintues, or 127 notes,
only the first 2 minutes, or 127 notes, will be stored in Maxx's memory. DURATION (QUARTER)

MOTE: After note number 99 has been entered, Maxx’s display will
read “O00_", indicating note number 100. In other words, note
numbers 100 to 127 will appear as numbers 00 to 27 in Maxx's display.

Enter the note's duration with the aid of the following chart:

Key Note Duration Key Note Duration
1 © whole
J 5 quarter

? oes holt 6 » dotted eighth

4 d halt 7 A eighth

4 é. dotted quarter Ft 5 dvteeeth
*To Program A Rest: 4.61A PROGRAMMING
1. Press the <NOTE REST/WAIT> key. RESTS

2. Reading from left to right, Maxx's display will show the program
step, the duration!, and the letter “r” followed by a blank.

This is a PROMPT for you to enter the duration of the rest with one of
the numbers, from 1 to 8, in the table listed above.

3. After the number keys have been pressed, press the <ENTER> key PROMPT FOR REST
fo complete and store the delay.

4. The display will now show the number of the next program step,

indicating that Maxx is ready for further music programming.

