MOTE: Prior knowledge of computers or robotics is not necessary to operate Maxx ®.

This Guide to Operations Introduces you to the Electronic Maxx Steele® Personal Robot. The
manual has five sections. A table of contents is included at the back of this manual.

Section 1, Introduction, is a guide to getting to know your friendly personal robot, Maxx
Steele®,

section 2, Setup, shows you how to get Maxx ready for use.

Section 3, Operations, introduces you to the things Maxx can do, shows you how to operate the

controller, and provides a summary of commands and functions.

Section 4, Modes, shows you how to enter commands in any one of the five operating modes
(The Immediate Mode, The Program Mode, The Execute Mode, The Learn Mode and The
Game-Playing Mode).

Section 5, Advanced Features, shows you how to perform more sophisticated programming
and editing operations.

The Appendices include: information on the technical aspects of Maxx, a glossary of terms,
pre-programmed songs, pre-programmed phrases, speech codes, o glossary of prompts,
routine maintenance, operating conditions, cautions, a summary of controller functions and

special keys, and a table of contents.

This is a guide for the care, programming and enjoyment of Maxx
Steele®, your personal robot. It outlines the things you need to do to
become familiar with Maxx and his many features.

In general, here is how Maxx works. He is operated and programmed
by a wireless remote controller that communicates with a computer
“brain” housed in his upper body. His brain controls and coordinates
all of Maxx’s ''mental"’ functions, such as memory, speech, music, time
and game play. In addition, it operates the “physical” functions of the
motors in his arms, wrist, claw and wheels.

Maxx's built-in computer features an 8 K ROMoperating system anda
2 K RAM computer memory, expandable to 63 K total.

His programmable memory and “learn'' mode enable you to program
a sequence of actions and activities which Maxx will then perform
again and again—by himself, from memory!

NOTE: | Save the shipping carton and foam inserts. They should be kept
if you ever need fo transport Maxx or send him to us for any repairs (see
separate Warranty). IMPORTANT: See separate sheet for instructions
on installing STABILIZERS and other first-time use information.

2.1 UNPACKING

Carefully remove Maxx, packed in foam shipping shells, from his box.
Then carefully spread apart the shells.

NOTE: Always lift Maxx by his shoulders, DO NOT LIFT HIM BY HIS
ARMS AS THIS MIGHT DAMAGE THE ARMS.

2.2 ACTIVATING
MAXX’S POWER

Maxx's POWER SWITCH is located inside his chest storage compart-
ment in the lower left corner. This controls all Maxx's electronics,
including the clock and memory.

To Turn On The Power Switch:

1. Remove TAPE from POWER SWITCH.

2. Put the POWER SWITCH UP into the ON position. Maxx will respond
by saying, ‘Hello. | am Maxx Steele. [TUNE PLAYS] I'm ready."

3. If Maxx does not respond in exactly this way, shut off the POWER

SWITCH, wait 2 seconds, and turn it on again.
