NOTE: When inthe Program or Learn Mode, the program currently in

Maxx's memory will be cleared when you enter a new program, WRITE
DOWN THOSE PROGRAMS YOU WISH TO SAVE.

IMPORTANT: If you want to change the program without erasing it,
see 5.4] Using the Edit Mode.

®Program Steps

A program can consist of any combination of Maxx's functions
(moving, turning, speaking pre-programmed or user-programmed
words and phrases, playing pre-programmed or user- programmed
music, etc.). For example, he can be programmed to move, turn, speak,
and play music in the same program. Each function you want Maxx to
perform is entered as a program step.

Maxx can store up to 255 program steps, starting with step 000 and
ending with step 254, When his program memory is full, his display will
read “FULL”, he will say “Sorry, my circuits are full” and he will return
to the Immediate Mode. He will still execute the part of the program
already accepted before he said “Sorry, my circuits are full.”

NOTE: For each program step, you must press the desired command
followed by a parameter”. A parameter is a number that allows you
to indicate units (degrees or inches) of movement. These numbers are
supplied within each of the separate programming functions in this
section.

NOTE: If the number or numbers you enter are not acceptable (i.e.,
they are incorrect), Maxx will let you know by emitting a buzzing tone.
Try again by re-entering both the command and the parameter.

PROGRAM STEP

Maxx's arm can be set to move into any one of approximately 130

positions, about 2.1 degrees at a time. In other words, one unit of

movement up or down Is equal to a 2.) degree change. The number

you enter, multiplied by 2.) degrees, is the amount of the change.
*To Program Arm Movement:

1. Press the <PROGRAM> key to enter the Program Mode.

2. Press the <ARMS UP> or <ARMS DOWN? key.

3. The display will read “ Au_" [arms up] or “Ad_"’ [arms down].

This is cg PROMPT indicating that Maxx expects a number, from 0 to 99,

specifying how much the arms should be moved. Each number is equal

to a 2.)-degree unit of movement. Experiment with different numbers

and observe how far the arms move.

4. After the number keys have been pressed, press the <ENTER> key to

complete and store the program step.

5. The display will now show the number of the next program step,

indicating that Maxx is ready for further programming.

MOTE: Since the maximum notation of any single move is limited to 99,

a movement that requires a number higher than 99 will require two

program steps, up to a total of 130.

®*Heres A Program That Will Demonstrate Maxx's Arm Movement
Abilities:
Preliminary Steps
1. Press the <POWER/STOP> key. This will activate Maxx. He will play
his Immediate Mode tune and say "I'm ready.”
2. Press the <PROGRAM> key. Maxx will play his Program Mode tune
and say “Please program me.’

PROMPT FOR ARM
MOVEMENT UP

PROMPT FOR ARM
MOVEMENT DOWN
