ANN

A. TECHNICAL DATA BATTERY
SPECIFICATIONS Time between battery charge: 14% to 4 hours, depending upon usage.

Arms, wheels, wrist ond claw use more current than speech and music.
Battery Charge Time: approximately 14 hours, depending on con-
ditions. (See LABEL on inside of Maxx's chest compartment.)
COMPUTER
Microprocessor: 65C02 (CMOS)
Internal Memory: 2K RAM (CMOS), 8K ROM
CONTROLLER
Keyboard: 25 multi-function keys
Battery Life of Controller: 20 hours
Range: approximately 25’, depending on local conditions
Frequency: 27.095 Mhz
Power: 300mw
USER-PROGRAMMABLE MEMORY
Program Steps: 255
Music: 127 notes
speech: 16 sentences of 15 words (maximum) each
Maximum Continuous Speech: 478 words
GENERAL INFORMATION
Base Vocabulary: approximately 140 words or word particles
Music Range: Two octaves (chromatic scale}
Serial Port on Controller
Expansion Interface Port on Maxx (in chest compartment)
Range of Operating Temperatures: 50° to 90° F,

B. GLOSSARY OF Edit: To change a step or steps in a program, such as clearing or

TECHNICAL TERMS inserting program steps.

Execute: To carry out or perform an instruction or series of instructions.
Initialize: To move Maxx to his initial starting (or Home) position.

K: Used to denote memory capacity of a computer in bytes; 1 K = 219
bytes or 1024 in decimal notation.

Memory: The capacity to store and recall commands and information.
Mode: A way of doing something; a particular function.

Parameter: A number specifying increments (in degrees or inches) of
movement.

Pre-Program: A set of step-by-step instructions that are permanently in
Maxx's memory.

Prompt: A displayed indication that tells you a number is to be entered.
Program: (noun) A set of step-by-step instructions for Maxx to execute.
(verb) To create a set of step-by-step instructions.

RAM: Random Access Memory; a memory containing data which can
be read and modified. When you create a program or song or speech,
it is stored in RAM.

ROM: Read-Only Memory; a memory containing data installed at the
factory that can be read but not modified, such as Maxx's pre-
programmed songs,

Cc. PRE-PROGRAMMED
SONGS

Song number 0 is a blank place for you to program your own song (see
4.41 Program Song Mode and 4.62 Learn Song Mode). In addition,
Maxx will play eight pre-programmed songs, numbered 1 to 8, under
the conditions listed below or when you select them.

|. Immediate Mode tune. [When Maxx goes into the Immediate
Mode or is reset when you press the STOP BUTTON on his head.]

2. Learn Mode tune. [When Maxx goes into the Learn Mode.]

3. Program Mode tune. [When Maxx goes into the Program Mode. ]
